Wait.
Take a minute,
then we're almost there.
About three miles out.
You can't be serious.
Daryl just told us to go home.
I didn't hear that.
Well, I think he was being subtle.
He said they were armed with lookouts.
And Daryl knows
I would never turn back.
How're you gonna keep going, Maggie, huh?
With what army?
Come on, Gabe, back me up here.
Our people are about to starve.
I'm not going back
to my family having failed.
Oh, Jesus.
At least admit what you're asking of us...
walking to our deaths for what,
a sack of beans?
If you're more interested
in saving yourself
than protecting the people back home,
you can go.
We don't need you.
We both know that's not true.
All right, tell you what.
You make me a promise
in front of the goddamn preacher
and I will stick around.
Promise you what?
I do this for you,
and we're even, we are good.
I don't have to keep looking
over my shoulder.
We will never be even.
Then you are gonna be down a soldier
that you desperately need.
Your call.
You'd take a promise from me?
Really?
Yeah. Who wouldn't?
I'm assuming you are
a woman of your word.
I've always been a man of mine.
What is it?
It's his sister's best friend.
Teresa.
She was just a kid.
We have to get them.
All of them.
Hey.
Y'all know Blackbeard, too?
Wait.
Think we can find more?
You're doing great.
I'm doing okay, not great.
The timeline since this was last
an essential activity
in your daily routine
and the necessity for it
should be factors in your self-judgment.
The military does this for us.
It's been so long since I've had to.
It's not like riding a bicycle, turns out.
You do forget.
That's the good ol' cerebellum
protecting you from unpleasant memories.
I remember the good stuff.
Stephanie, I have to ask.
You've known Hornsby a long time?
Pretty long, why?
Is he capable of taking care of our...
transgressions?
In other words,
will all this labor
truly lead to our freedom?
If he says it will, it will.
Lance has his own way of doing things.
But you can trust him.
You'll see.
Whoa. Let me take over.
- I got this.
- I can help, it's fine.
- No, it's not!
- It will be.
Ezekiel!
What?
I love you, but you got
to give me space, man.
Can you just clear these?
God!
Think I got the last of them.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Fine.
Sorry, I didn't mean to snap at you.
It's just so cramped in there.
Nah, it's cool.
Ezekiel, what can I do?
It's dusty.
I'm sure that's it.
Mm-hmm.
Y'all need help clearing your area?
Steph, how much longer we got to do this?
It's been days.
Uh, a couple more, I guess.
He won't make it a few more days.
I'm fine.
No, you need to see a doctor.
I'm not gonna leave you alone
to work out here.
Don't be stupid! Yeah, I said it.
They got real hospitals and shit here.
Can you make that happen?
Uh, yeah, I'll talk
to Mr. Hornsby right now.
Thank you. We are much obliged.
If this becomes another debt
we have to work off...
Never been afraid of hard work.
Kinda anti friends who die
from stubbornness.
Oh. Mercer,
this is way too close to
where the nasties are working.
The smell is... revolting.
Who the hell was that?
Our recruiters were
incredibly impressed with you.
Were they?
I thought maybe they found me difficult.
Well, we expect a person
with your pedigree
to have high standards.
We certainly do at State.
Well, Ms. Milton
has great affection
for her fellow Harvard grads.
Should be no trouble
finding a position for you.
I'm happy to work to pay
for the aid for my community,
but I'm not staying here permanently.
I just want to make that clear.
After you meet Ms. Milton,
you might reconsider.
I'd rather see my friends.
Actually, can somebody take me to where
they're working, please?
They broke the law.
Mr. Hornsby has arranged for their release
with a fine that they're repaying.
What?
Yeah, I believe they're clearing buildings
for future development.
Clearing them of what, exactly?
The dead.
Okay, so they're assigned
to clear walkers for days, weeks?
Months, maybe?
And I'm expected to provide
legal services to...
Ms. Milton and her cabinet.
Right.
Then I'd like to speak with her.
Right away, please.
Well, that would be difficult.
Why is that exactly?
It's just Mr. Hornsby's expectations
of the timing were a little different.
Is he your supervisor?
No.
Then I'd like to speak to her right away.
Please.
Come on, boy.
You need any help in there?
No.
You want one?
Sure.
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
Here they come! Open up!
On it, on it!
Sounds like patrol has come home.
- Yo, let them in.
- Yep.
Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord,
even so saith the Spirit,
for they rest from their labors.
We say, "The Lord be with you
and thy Spirit."
Amen.
If your sister's out there...
we'll find her.
And every last one of these murderers.
All of them.
But the one...
he's mine.
There are scouts everywhere.
I'll be careful.
If you get a chance to kill one of them,
if he's alone
and you have the advantage...
I will.
You ready?
I'm not cutting up anyone I know.
You're gonna have to find me
four strangers.
Only need three.
I kept my mask for practical
and sentimental reasons.
This is not fun.
Well, not with that attitude.
Let's get it over with.
We did three different sweeps.
No signs of tracks anywhere, sir.
You try the buildings out by the lake?
Yes, sir.
- Along the train tracks?
- Yes, sir.
Freeway underpasses?
- Come on!
There are dozens
of these assholes out there!
- Pope.
- No!
Your brothers are dead!
Are you not ashamed?
Or do you think this is acceptable?
They were following my recommendations.
I told them where the last teams went.
I told them where to go next.
You want to scream at somebody,
scream at me.
You trying to be noble?
Is that it, Shaw?
You trying to get them to like you?
Try keeping them alive.
And yelling at them is gonna do that?
Go be useful.
Take your boy over there
and go and find my goddamn enemies!
Come on. We have orders.
Stay.
You all right?
I'm fine.
I'm sure the guys are grateful
for what you did back there.
How do you know that?
I'd be.
I don't know. It may have been stupid.
No, you got a good place.
I'm sure there's a good story
that goes with it.
Well, you spent some time
with those people.
I'm sure they have their sides.
No, not at all.
Well, we needed a place.
We found one.
You can fill in the rest.
You got something to say about it?
No. I'm just surprised is all.
Surprised why?
You won.
You got the walls. You got the food.
Why keep hunting?
We have to make sure
they don't come back.
Okay.
You know, you don't understand.
It's easy for you out here on your own,
only having to worry about yourself.
We have a whole community to protect.
And we have a structure.
And a leader who got us this far.
What happened back there...
that was... that wasn't normal.
Yeah, I met guys like that before.
Pope's got a puzzle to solve,
and he's riled up.
How can these people be so hard to find?
So, you kill everybody, and then
he goes back to being a good guy?
He's like a father to me.
He believed in me
when no one else would.
He made me strong.
I doubt you ever needed anyone
to make you strong.
Lower your shoulders.
Arms limp.
That's good, Maggie.
Back to the tree.
This piece of shit.
It's not gonna fit you perfectly.
It was... someone else's face.
Look, this might actually work.
And I mean it.
If I can do it, you can do it.
I'll take this back,
work on it, fix it for you.
Then we'll try it again.
You did good, Maggie.
Blessed are they who die in the Lord,
so saith the Spirit.
so saith the Spirit,
for they rest from their labors.
Blessed are they who...
Tell me, Father.
You have guided me
through the darkest of times.
I treasure our conversation
and the guidance you have given me.
Is there anything I should know?
Thank you, Father.
(OVER PA) Enlist in
the Commonwealth Army today.
- Help protect...
- How long is your break?
Not long.
Just enough to show you
my dorm room and then get back.
You've always lived in a dorm here?
Yeah. It's great.
Tomi, I'm sorry.
I just don't understand
why you wouldn't want the life
that comes along
with being a doctor here.
I don't want to go back to before.
Well, it wouldn't be the same.
- Dad isn't here to put pressure on you.
- It wasn't just Dad.
And you liked that type of life,
but I didn't.
Never turning it off, never sleeping,
everything moving too fast.
People who burn themselves out for work
until they die or want to?
Do your part to keep our community safe.
Hey, you used to love the job.
I remember how you used to look
when you saved someone,
- when you told somebody good news.
- Please stop. Please stop.
That's the Commonwealth way.
Sit.
No one can know that I was a doctor, okay?
Promise me.
- What does that mean?
- Just trust me, okay?
I like things the way they are.
This place makes sense.
- There's order, a system...
- Okay!
Okay.
Fine.
Enlist in the Commonwealth Army today.
Help protect your neighbors
and defend our home.
Remember, we're all in this together.
I have a meeting with Pamela Milton later.
Anything I should know?
That's nice for you.
Someone like me
would never meet Ms. Milton.
Why not?
You have to know your place.
- You.
- Hey, whoa, whoa!
- Hey! Hey!
- What do you think I did?
I did nothing wrong, I swear.
Hey! Stop! I'm his lawyer.
- He's entitled to hear his rights.
- Miko, Miko, no.
- Miko, leave it alone.
- Come on. Move it.
That's the Commonwealth way.
I told you you'd get it right.
Congrats and you're welcome.
Has he changed?
We can't know that.
He's helpful.
He would be,
long as there's something in it for him.
So, your promise?
I hope I can keep it.
You know, keep an eye open
for which one you want,
because as soon as we restock,
you've got first dibs.
Hey! I need to talk to you.
- Where the hell is my brother?
- He's fine.
That wasn't my question.
You made an appointment with Pamela,
even after I told you and your friends
that I was taking care of things.
You almost screwed everything up.
You kidnapped my brother off the street.
Fair enough.
He'll be home tonight.
That's how much time I need.
For what?
All right, it works like this.
It's real simple.
Your people need help, right?
And you want your friends,
who broke the law, to go free.
Those are big asks.
I can deliver for you.
There must be something in it for you.
A friend in high places.
Someday, I might need a favor,
and you might be... favorably inclined.
So what do you say?
Can you sit tight for a few more hours?
A few hours.
Excellent.
Hey.
Patrol has been all through here.
They've checked every building for miles.
These trails should be cold.
Well, it looks like
someone's been through here.
Heads up.
Come out! Hands up.
Please, don't shoot.
I have a family who needs me.
- Please.
- You staying over there?
- No.
- How'd you avoid the patrols?
What?
There's been soldiers
looking for people like you.
How'd you avoid them?
I don't know what that means.
- Then you're of no use to us.
- You don't know what we've been through.
My wife is hurt real bad.
I can't... I can't care for her
and look for food.
Please just... just let me go.
Show us or I'll shoot
and find your family later.
Okay.
Just please don't hurt us.
Move.
Shaw to Pope.
- Hold up.
- Go ahead, Shaw.
We found a man in the woods.
Not sure if he's a part of our targets.
He's taking us to his people.
How do you want us to engage?
Kill them.
Copy that.
Move.
You know, I feel for you in all of this.
You might think that's bullshit,
but it's true.
How's that?
I'm not a robot, Rhee.
It sucks to see your friends as walkers.
And that would be enough.
But you are about to do some crazy shit
and break into a community
that you built and lost.
I get it.
Your community and mine,
were lost in very different ways.
You think I don't understand
the losing side of a massacre?
There were no children
at the satellite station.
No families.
Then where'd Aaron get Gracie?
You think I don't know about that?
You can't debate battle plans with me.
Levels of cruelty.
Look, all I'm saying is that I remember
when my home was invaded
and my people were killed.
Those men... they had friends.
They had girlfriends.
People that felt a loss
that I couldn't heal.
And I had to explain to them why...
why their leader failed to protect them.
You killed people who had families.
And you did it in front of their families.
Yeah.
I did.
But the world is different now, Maggie.
Fewer people to fight for, fight with.
Hell, there's fewer things to fight over.
Are you saying
you'd do things differently?
Yeah.
Yeah, if I could do it all over again...
I'd have killed every single one of you.
Why would you say that?
It's the truth.
We got to do whatever we can
to protect our people, right?
I mean, that's why we're here.
That's why we're doing this.
Why would you say that to me?
We had a good day, you and I.
And the only way this works, Maggie, is...
is if we're honest.
Where do they bring these, exactly?
Uh, I don't know.
Somewhere far from the fields
and the water supply.
Friends!
Much gratitude.
I see you've done all my work for me.
And I didn't even bring you lollipops.
Wait.
Ha!
- You don't want one?
- Oh, I have had several.
- So, how was it?
- Good as new.
I got antibiotics, painkillers, IV fluids.
Thank you, truly, friend.
Happy to do it.
Glad everyone's okay.
You feel up to a new assignment or...
Yes!
Bring it on.
Stephanie, Eugene,
I'd like you to clear the area
up along the north fence line.
- Can you show him?
- Yeah, sure.
Excellent. Ezekiel,
Princess, come with me.
Maggie.
Good news.
It's still there.
You run into any of them?
No.
That looks good over there.
Come on, man.
I got this one.
Eugene!
Thanks, partner.
Teamwork is all.
Yeah.
What the hell was that about?
You just disrupted our date.
Excuse me. We just saved your life.
We have private security for that.
Eugene, let's go.
They're... You know what?
Best idea yet.
Well, there's no reason
to be so rude, hoss.
Hoss?
Oh, my God. Sorry. I'm just not used
to talking to a plebeian, so this is...
Oh, someone used their dictionary.
- Hey, Eugene.
- Now, just a minute.
We have earned either gratitude
or an apology,
whichever this young man can muster first.
- Eugene.
- Who the hell do you think that you are?
I think I'm talking to someone who's being
extremely rude right now.
- Eugene.
- Now just hold your horses one second.
You have no idea
who you're talking to right now. Eugene.
Oh, I think I do, and that would
be a tiny, little man.
You're so smart.
You stupid bitch!
Look what you just did to my girlfriend!
Oh, my God! What did you do?
This guy was being, well, an asshole.
- Look, we're so sorry.
- No, don't touch!
We've been working without a break,
and he didn't mean to.
What the hell happened here?
Look what they did to Kayla.
These lunatics attacked us.
You know, this is all your fault, Mercer.
Where the hell were you?
I had goddamn rotters up my ass!
And then this dumb shit
rolled up and attacked me.
That is categorically untrue.
Did you hit him?
- Yes, but...
- What the hell were you thinking?
Don't you know who that is?
Hi. I'm Yumiko Okumura.
I'm here for my meeting with Ms. Milton.
Thank you for being on time.
Ms. Milton is fastidious
about her schedule.
Would you like an herbal tea?
No, thank you.
Sparkling water or espresso?
No. I'm all right.
Please, have a seat.
You're part of the new group
that came in, right?
Yeah. I guess.
- Are you all settling in okay?
- Yeah.
I mean, I haven't seen
my friends in a few days, so...
Oh. I'm sorry to hear that.
Is everyone okay?
Yes?
Yes. Of course. I'll... I'll do it now.
Is everything okay?
I'm afraid Ms. Milton
will have to reschedule.
Someone just attacked her son.
Situation like that,
you're supposed to save him,
protect the governor's son.
You'd have been a hero.
You could have asked
for anything.
My apologies.
I did not ascertain such a conclusion.
All right, no more screwing around.
You want out, now the price is higher.
I need the name of your town
and how to get there.
That is beyond my purview.
Then welcome.
This is home.
Your friends can keep killing walkers.
Your people, wherever they are...
can figure things out on their own.
If I were to disclose those coordinates,
what guarantee could you provide
for my community's safety?
Look around.
Think how we've treated you.
All the chances you've gotten.
That's not a directly reply to my query.
Up to you.
Wait.
See? I told you the truth.
Please don't hurt us.
You need to take your son and run.
Don't ever come back here.
Go with your dad.
Go ahead, honey.
Don't be afraid. It's okay.
I love you.
Go.
Oh, thank God for you.
He answered my prayers.
They were never gonna leave
while I was still alive,
and it was dangerous for them to stay.
I'm ready.
Please.
What are you gonna tell Pope?
That you killed them.
It'll be good for you.
Look, Leah, there's something
I need to tell you.
Come in, Shaw.
Shaw. Over.
We need you back ASAP.
We gotta go.